h1. Restfulie Objective-C

Under development. 

h2. Simple Installation

Just drag n' drop "Classes" and "Libs" folders into your project!

h2. External Libs

* "jsonkit":https://github.com/johnezang/JSONKit
* "asihttp":http://allseeing-i.com/ASIHTTPRequest/
* "aqtoolkit extensions":https://github.com/AlanQuatermain/aqtoolkit/tree/master/Extensions

h2. Current Usage (JSON only)

Sample.h
<pre>
#import "Restfulie.h"
@interface Sample : NSObject {
  id<RestClient> client;
}
@property (nonatomic, assign) id<RestClient> client;
@end
</pre>

Sample.m
<pre>
#import "Sample.h"
#import "Restfulie.h"
#import "User.h"

@implementation Sample
@synthesize client;

- (id) init
{
	self = [super init];
	if (self != nil) {
		self.client = [Restfulie customWithTypes:[NSArray arrayWithObjects:[User class], nil] 
							  andCollectionNames:[NSArray arrayWithObjects:@"users", nil]];
	}
	return self;
}

- (void)get {
	
	Response *response = [[self.client at:@"http://localhost:3000/users"] get];
	
	if (response.code == 200) {
		NSArray *users = [response resource];
		NSLog(@"returned users %@", users);
	}
	else {
		NSLog(@"fail with code %i", response.code);
	}
	
}

- (void)post:(User*)user {
	
	Response *response = [self.client at:@"http://localhost:3000/users"] post:user];
	
	if (response.code == 200) {
		User *userWithId = [response resource];
		NSLog(@"user created with id %@", userWithId.userId);
	}
	else {
		NSLog(@"user post failed with http code %i", response.code);
	}
	
}

</pre>


h2. Collaborate 

Send us an email.

"Bruno Fuster":http://brunofuster.wordpress.com ( "email":mailto:brunofuster@gmail.com ) - twitter:http://www.twitter.com/brunofuster
"Guilherme Silveira":http://guilhermesilveira.wordpress.com ( "email":mailto:guilherme.silveira@caelum.com.br ) - twitter:http://www.twitter.com/guilhermecaelum

